I work as a legal secretary. I was quite happy with the work I was doing, but I was just
coasting along and I didn't really have that burning desire at the time to pioneer.
I specifically remember a talk about young ones, what they were doing with their lives and
it really did make me think. I work three days a week as a Lanny. It's a good job for me.
It helps me to do something that I love but also have the freedom to do things for
me. I really love construction, particularly what to get involved with the project going
on at Chamsford. But at the time I lived in the northeast of England, which would have
been way too far to commute. My work consists of supporting people in the community with
mental health issues. My husband was involved in construction, that was his work, but also he
made himself available to be involved in any King the Hall build, any construction. So beginning
with I thought, yeah, that's his thing, not my thing, I'll stay home and pioneer. My construction
skill would be nonexistent. The talk just helped me to see that if I didn't have a desire to
pioneer, then I should pray. I really felt motivated to want to change my life. So started regular
pioneering. Seeing young sisters and brothers as well, that were getting involved with doing different
aspects of worship and to see their joy in what they were doing construction wise really spurred
me on to want to apply as well. I prayed to Jehovah that I really wanted to be involved somehow
in the project that he would work things out. I started looking for accommodation, started looking
for work and within days I had a job and somewhere to live and two weeks later I moved to London.
I knew my husband loved it so much so I thought I'll come with him losing my husband in death.
It's just something that happened very suddenly and very quickly.
Well initially I had to go back home and the avenue was open for me to come back again if I wish
to. After a period of time I decided I would come back. Brothers were very conscious of my
circumstance. This is my family. This is Jehovah's organisation without a doubt. The brothers would
give me all the support I need. It's always best to be busy in Jehovah's work. That's part of a healing.
When I came on site and the brothers said we'd like you to drive one of our machines.
I never driven construction machinery before because I was able to be trained and feel confidence
after that. I was invited to work on home cleaning team. It's not what I thought I would be doing
on construction but it's fun and I really love knowing that Jehovah's happy with the work we do.
Very quickly after I moved I was invited to commute to the Bratchery location project.
The first half of my week is working with children playing with toy trucks and then the second
half of my week I'm driving this huge machine on a building side. There's a really good emphasis
on training so you never feel completely out of your depth. I really enjoy training. It's a very
rewarding assignment. Sisters they pay attention to detail. They don't get overconfidence because
they have a healthy respect for the machines that they're driving. We've had many positive comments
from contractors and various authorities about the proactive training and use of women
on our construction site. They're amazed at what they see because it's not normal in the industry.
It reminds me of what it says in Romans chapter 16 where the Apostle Paul mentions women by name
as working hard in the Lord and here on this site we have lots of women doing just that.
Having no construction skills hasn't stopped me being used at all.
He's seen sisters being used for things that they would never have pictured themselves doing
but they're doing it and it's because they've been trained and it's because Jehovah's behind it.
Yeah, being here has drawn me closest Jehovah in a sense that you rely on him.
That I rely on him daily. If you'd have told me three years ago that I'd be commuting to the project
every week driving a massive truck around on site I probably wouldn't have believed you.
I absolutely love coming here. It's like a dream come true but I just don't want it to end.
Looking back at you when I first heard that talk at the convention I'm really pleased that
I used my time in these last days to serve Jehovah. I would encourage anybody just to be in full
time service because it's such a joyful way of life.